occasionally
some of these wild animals come to the
vet's attention
a family of howler monkeys visits the
centre every day
helping themselves to leftovers
alejandro has noticed the baby has a
large growth on its neck
which could become serious and less
treated
he wouldn't normally interfere but it's
impossible for him to ignore it
it's a good thing that we caught him at
the time that we did because
the bigger the injury gets more of a
threat it is to him
he could get a big infection he could
get like a big mess in his neck
and that can put some pressure on his
spine and his nerves
and you don't want a monkey with
problems with their nerves because they
could
fall down from the tree
this is a butterfly larva
they're fairly common in wild monkeys
but could be fatal for a baby
they become very very dangerous and
they're very very big so that's where we
intervened we usually don't intervene in
this kind of things
we need to make sure that they want this
cleanse so that he can go back out and
that there is no secondary infection
the baby howler monkey is finally
reunited with his mother
and should make a speedy recovery
[Music]
[Applause]
you